---
title: "How it works"
date: "2025-03-29T22:45:47.000Z"
draft: true
tags:

description: "Join our proactive annual bike service for worry-free riding. Enjoy regular check-ups, scheduled maintenance, and on-demand support to keep your bike in peak shape. Benefit from better rates for extra bikes and personalized care so you’re always ready to race ride or tour."
---

<p></p><p><strong>Annual Subscription:</strong>&nbsp;Secure a predictable rate for year-round care.</p><p><strong>Scheduled Maintenance Check-in:</strong>&nbsp;Regular virtual check-ins to inspect your bike, share advice, and plan maintenance.</p><p><strong>Pick-Up &amp; Delivery:</strong>&nbsp;Convenient mobile service that handles your bike directly at your doorstep. Simple service can be performed right at your house!</p><p><strong>Digital Support:</strong>&nbsp;Direct contact with Uncle Bike for proactive updates and advice. Share your riding experience with me anytime - making adjustments to your ride early and often to prevent wear and tear to your bike (or body).</p><p><strong>Personalized Bike Fitting:</strong>&nbsp;Tailored adjustments to optimize comfort and performance. Most casual riders have an improper fit that leave them numb or sore after a short distance. The whole bike is adjustable, and I believe the joy of cycling comes through comfort. I'll work with you to dial in your comfort right at home. </p><p><strong>Discounted Labor &amp; Parts:</strong>&nbsp;An Annual Service is included with membership, but members get special pricing on parts or additional labour </p><p><strong>Multi-Bike Options:</strong>&nbsp;Easily add extra bikes under the same plan. Whether you subscribe to n+1, or you've got a family with bikes, we can accommodate the whole fleet. </p><p><strong>Seasonal Overhauls:</strong>&nbsp;Comprehensive inspections to prepare your bike for each riding season. We want to get members on a February/March service schedule. After your first service, we'll plan your next annual service. Once on the winter service schedule, your bike will be ready to ride as soon as the snow melts. </p><p><strong>Emergency Response:</strong>&nbsp;Priority access for urgent service needs when unexpected issues arise. Things happen during the riding season, and we want to make sure that downtime due to bike problems are minimal. Reach out as soon as you have an issue, and I'll plan a visit ASAP to get you back on the road. </p><p>Where do we go from here?</p><ul><li>Subscribe (you could think of it as a deposit for  service)</li><li>Book - I'll reach out to find out more about your needs, and the best first steps. </li><li>Initial Service -</li><li>Schedule next years maintenance for Feb/Mar</li><li>Regular Check-Ins -</li><li>Next seasons annual service</li><li>Repeat</li></ul>